README.md, before:

# market_mover_monitor
PROJECT SETUP:

1. Run `py -m venv VENV_NAME`
2. Run `pip install -r requirements.txt`
3. Run `pip install pyinstaller`
4. Run `pyinstaller market_mover_monitor.py` to export this project as exe file


HOW TO USE:

1. Download Interactive Brokers Trader Workstation (TWS) or IB Gateway
2. Download ibapi library from official website and put it in src folder
3. Set Interactive Brokers timezone to US/Eastern
4. Login Interactive Brokers account through TWS or IB Gateway (Interactive Brokers trading account with market data subscription is necessary for the program)
5. Run market_mover_monitor.py while TWS or IB Gateway is running


FUNCTION:

- This program is to facilitate day trading, finding some stocks in top gainer list to trade intra-day. Once program starts it keep scanning top gainers in pre-market or normal trading hours, depending on program start time. 1 minute candle chart is retrieved for pattern analysis. i.e stocks that are gapping up quickly and high volume ramp up.


DISCLAIMER:

- Don't try to blindly follow anyone's strategies. This program is not universal. I'm still learning how to trade and programming. This repository is to share my trading and programming knowledge only.

Commit message:

1. Refactor Scanner Code 2. Bug Fix

README.md, after:

# market_mover_monitor
LOCAL DEBUG SETUP:

1. Run `py -m venv VENV_NAME`
2. Go to venv directory, then execute `activate`
3. Run `pip install -r requirements.txt`
4. Run `pip install pyinstaller`


BUILD EXECUTABLE PROGRAM
1. Run `pyinstaller market_mover_monitor.py --icon=<icon_path>` to export this project as exe file


WRITE DEPENDENCY LIST TO requirements.txt:
1. Run `pip3 freeze > requirements.txt`


HOW TO USE:

1. Download Interactive Brokers Trader Workstation (TWS) or IB Gateway
2. Set Interactive Brokers timezone to US/Eastern
3. Login Interactive Brokers account through TWS or IB Gateway (Interactive Brokers trading account with market data subscription is necessary for the program)
4. Run monitor.py while TWS or IB Gateway is running


FUNCTION:

- This program is to facilitate day trading, finding some stocks in top gainer list, halted stock list to trade intra-day. Once program starts it keep scanning stocks in pre-market, normal trading hours or after hours, depending on program start time. 1 minute candles will be retrieved for analysis. The text to speech engine will read the result so that traders don't need to manually keep monitoring stock scanner all the day.

    - Stocks that are gapping up
    - Stocks that are ramping up
    - Stocks that are near previous high or reaching new high
    - Stocks that are closest to limit up down
    - Stocks that are halting


DISCLAIMER:

- Don't try to blindly follow anyone's strategies. This program is not universal. I'm still learning how to trade and programming. This repository is to share my trading and programming knowledge only.
